docs: compact config (#3709)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/references/dimensions.mdx

| round                             | No       | number                                                                                                                                            | Rounds a number to a specified number of digits                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| format                            | No       | string                                                                                                                                            | This option will format the output value on the result table and CSV export. Currently supports one of the following: `['km', 'mi', 'usd', 'gbp', 'eur', 'percent']`                                                                                       |

> | [compact](#compact)               | No       | string                                                                                                                                            | This option will compact the number value on the result table and CSV export. Currently supports one of the following: `['thousands', 'millions', 'billions', 'trillions']`                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [compact](#compact-values)               | No       | string                                                                                                                                            | This option will compact the number value (e.g. 1,500 to 1.5K). Currently supports one of the following: `['thousands', 'millions', 'billions', 'trillions']`                                                                                |
```

| group_label                       | No       | string                                                                                                                                            | If you set this property, the dimension will be grouped in the sidebar with other dimensions with the same group label.                                                                                                                                    |
| [urls](#urls)                     | No       | Array of { url, label }                                                                                                                           | Adding urls to a dimension allows your users to click dimension values in the UI and take actions, like opening an external tool with a url, or open at a website. You can use liquid templates to customise the link based on the value of the dimension. |

## Compact values

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can compact values in your YAML. For example, if I wanted all of my revenue values to be shown in thousands (e.g. `1,500` appears as `1.5K`), then I would write something like this in my .yml:

```yaml
version: 2
models:
- name: sales
  columns:
    - name: revenue
      meta:
        dimension:
            compact: thousands # I can also use 'K' 
```
 
 We currently support these compact value formats:
```
